docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/python.md

## How it works

1. Renovate searches through each repository for package files

> 2. Existing dependencies are extracted from the package files
> 3. Renovate searches for the latest version on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/) to decide if there are upgrades
> 4. If the source package includes a GitHub URL as its source, and has a "changelog" file _or_ uses GitHub releases, a Release Note will be embedded in the generated PR

Author: ```suggestion
1. Existing dependencies are extracted from the package files
1. Renovate searches for the latest version on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/) to decide if there are upgrades
1. If the source package includes a GitHub URL as its source, and has a "changelog" file _or_ uses GitHub releases, a Release Note will be embedded in the generated PR
```
